README.md, before:

# Healthron
#### A Disease Outbreak Assistance system using machine learning and Artifitial Intelligence


<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177230245-ef4640fb-25b5-4abe-b3f1-66d049a11cbc.gif">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25423296/163456779-a8556205-d0a5-45e2-ac17-42d089e3c3f8.png">
  <img alt="Temp logo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25423296/163456779-a8556205-d0a5-45e2-ac17-42d089e3c3f8.png">
</picture>

<!--![animation_500_l57gve2o](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177230428-def7fbe5-20cd-49e0-8269-35308b4e087e.gif)-->
<!--![animation_500_l57gve2o](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177230245-ef4640fb-25b5-4abe-b3f1-66d049a11cbc.gif)-->

## Features
- Detection of FaceMask
- Social distance Tracking
- Entrance Entry restriction
- Body Temperature Reading
- Cough Detection
- Composure (body posture tracking)
- Skin Condition Detection
  - [x] Monkey Pox

Commit message:

Update of README.MD Addition of Hardware.ino

README.md, after:

# Healthron
#### A Disease Outbreak Assistance system using machine learning and Artifitial Intelligence

![Healthron UI STARTER](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177432919-249bbeea-d832-426f-be2f-68392e6a6e06.PNG)



<!--![animation_500_l57gve2o](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177230428-def7fbe5-20cd-49e0-8269-35308b4e087e.gif)-->
<!--![animation_500_l57gve2o](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177230245-ef4640fb-25b5-4abe-b3f1-66d049a11cbc.gif)-->

## Features
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177230245-ef4640fb-25b5-4abe-b3f1-66d049a11cbc.gif">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25423296/163456779-a8556205-d0a5-45e2-ac17-42d089e3c3f8.png">
  <img alt="Temp logo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25423296/163456779-a8556205-d0a5-45e2-ac17-42d089e3c3f8.png">
</picture>

- Detection of FaceMask
- Social distance Tracking
- Entrance Entry restriction
- Body Temperature Reading
- Cough Detection
- Composure (body posture tracking)
- Skin Condition Detection
  - [x] Monkey Pox
  
# How to Use
### *Please Read and Configure file paths where necessary
### *Some features are mockups.
- #### Entrance Entry restriction (This checks if person is wearing mask then door opens)
  - From the "Hardware" file, copy and paste and run code in arduino IDE.
  - Open ZMask_Door.py and connect serial pin of servo to pin 9 and hook up voltage and ground accordingly.

- ### User Interface
![Healthron UI HOME](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54176002/177433010-3bb2a8ba-45b8-40ca-aa27-abec03e89835.PNG)
  - Open Microsoft Visual Studio
  - Select the path to the "Healthron UI.sln"
  - You could also just click on the "Healthron UI.sln" if you have Visual Studio installed
